why D they don't have people is bow
again if you're a conservative I need
you to stick with me for the first
minute or so there's gonna be some jokes
in it you're probably not gonna like but
there is something really important for
you at the end seriously not an April
Fool's thing okay so we have to talk
about the three Mexican country if you
don't know yesterday Fox News ran a
segment and in the ticker it said Trump
slashes a two-three Mexican country's
even Fox News viewers we're looking at
their screens like and it's hard to get
a fox news viewer to do that but it
happened
of course they weren't actually talking
about three Mexican countries they were
talking about El Salvador Guatemala and
Honduras the internet did not disappoint
there were jokes all day you know my
favorite being there are three Mexico's
Mexico New Mexico and certified preowned
Mexico there are three Mexico's and
Trump can't get any of them to pay for
the wall of course he's worried about
Mexico the country is multiplying it's
all pretty funny it really is but why he
is cutting the aid is not funny at all
it's pretty unnerving I don't want to
get into whether or not it's a good idea
to cut the aid just about every expert
says it's just gonna create more
refugees I kind of disagree be honest
with almost every expert the I think
that if the aid money is gone the puppet
strings are gone as well and these
people can have their countries back and
we'll stop messing them up maybe the
people will be able to realign their
countries I know that's a little
acceleration Estate's honestly kind of
how fill but why did he cut the aid this
is where it gets important because they
didn't do enough to stop the refugees
from leaving
exit visas something that went out more
or less with the Cold War Iron Curtain
exit visas that's really what we're
talking about there are some countries
that still have these today but they're
not really what we would consider
bastions of freedom so another way to
say this is that he believes that his
government's job to stop you from
leaving if things get bad another way to
say that would be he believes that it is
his job as head of government to stop
you from leaving if things get bad yet
another way to say that would be the guy
who wants to build a wall in a
militarized border along the southern
part of the United States believes it is
his job to stop you from leaving man
that's that's kind of unnerving and I
know right now the Conservatives like an
USA USA America is number one why would
I ever leave yeah okay and you trust
Trump with his power I'm sure God in for
Trump he would never do me wrong but
what about when he's out of office you
trust Pelosi Schumer aoc with that kind
of power with the ability to determine
whether or not you leave maybe there's a
reason these things went out of vogue
maybe there's a reason exit visas aren't
really a thing anymore even in most ten
pipe dictatorships you don't have them
anymore
I mean let's see Saudi Arabia still has
them Qatar Russia Belarus those are the
only four I can think of I'm sure
there's others but off the top of my
head that's it
yeah and there's Trump let's bring it
back
how would you stop them from leaving
they're giving up everything they know
everything they know everything they own
they're already giving it up there's
only one way to do it the power you
grant to your favorite politician is
gonna be there when the politician you
hate takes charge maybe nobody should
have this kind of power anyway it's just
a thought y'all have a good night